Human Analysis Archived Results
===============================
  
### Archive of 3 CAGEd-oPOSSUM analyses

The archive contains the results of 3 different CAGEd-oPOSSUM analyses performed on the following human adult tissue samples:

__Tissue samples and corresponding FANTOM5 Sample ID(s)__
  
__CD19+ B cells__:
   * FF:11544-120B5  CD19+ B Cells, donor1
   * FF:11624-122B4  CD19+ B Cells, donor2
   * FF:11705-123B4  CD19+ B Cells, donor3

__Liver__:
   * FF:10018-101C9  liver, adult, pool1

__Testis__:
   * FF:10026-101D8  testis, adult, pool1;
   * FF:10096-102C6  testis, adult, pool2

Dowload the archive here: http://cagedop.cmmt.ubc.ca/CAGEd_oPOSSUM/archived_results/archived_results.tar.gz



#### Contents of arhive:

The archive itself contains the following top-level directories corresponding to each of the analyized tissue samples:

__CD19_positive_B_Cells/__

__Liver/__

__Testis/__


Each of the above directories contains the following main files/directories:

__results.html__ -- HTML formatted results showing the relative rankings of TFBS motifs ordered by Fisher score from high to low.

__results.txt__ -- Same as above but in plain text tab separated format.

__fisher_vs_gc.png__ -- Plot of the Fisher scores vs. %GC composition of the TFBS motif.

__zscore_vs_gc.png__ -- Plot of the Z-scores vs. %GC composition of the TFBS motif.

__t_search_regions.bed__ -- BED formatted file of the target CAGE peak regions searched for TFBS.

__homer_output/__ -- Subdirectory containing the following HOMER results files.


__homer_output/knownResults.html__ -- HTML formatted table of HOMER motif results ranked by p-value.

__homer_output/knownResults.txt__ -- Same as above but in tab-separated plain text format.


__homer_output/target.fa__ -- Target sequences searched for both JASPAR and HOMER motifs. Corresponds to the regions defined in t_search_regions.bed described above.

__homer_output/background.fa__ -- Background sequences randomly generated by HOMER to be %GC composition and length matched to the target sequences, searched for both JASPAR and HOMER motifs.

__homer_output/knownResults/__ -- Subdirectory containing HOMER motif logos and matrices.
